Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/management/environment-variables/index.md

---

> description: Configure Dagster+ environment variables to dynamically adjust app behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Configure environment variables through the Dagster+ UI or with agent configuration to dynamically modify application behavior depending on environment.
```
